
<h1>Prepared-statements-as-defense-against-SQL-injection-attacks</h1>


<h2>Description</h2>

This project is a task to create a super minimal website that uses data from a MySQL database, with a focus on preventing SQL injection attacks. The website is built using Flask, a Python framework for web development, and PyMySQL, a client library for connecting to MySQL databases. Two endpoints are provided in the skeleton script, /messages, and /users, which are called whenever a request to the indicated path is made. It is essential to use prepared statements to ensure that the script is not susceptible to SQL injection attacks. The goal is to showcase how to handle raw data using Flask, retrieve form data and arguments, and return HTTP responses with status codes. Finally, the project verifies the solution using a verify script to ensure it is resistant to SQL injection attacks.

You'll find 3 files: 
* website_using_flask : The code to build the website
* populate_py : A Python script used to generate dummy data for a database. It creates 20 user accounts with random usernames and passwords and prints the usernames and hashed passwords to the console.
* verif.py : Test the functionality of the Flask web application created in the website_using_flask.py file and the data generated by populate.py. The purpose of the file is to automate the process of sending requests to the API and checking the responses to ensure that the application is working as intended

<h2>Languages Used</h2>

- <b>Python </b> 

<!--
 ```diff
- text in red
+ text in green
! text in orange
# text in gray
@@ text in purple (and bold)@@
```
--!>
